## 👋 Hi I'm Ashton Meyer-Bibbins

An Informatics and Finance student at the University of Washington, with a focus on product strategy and full-stack dev. I love to learn and explore new things, so in my free time I have fun here.

The idea that interests me most is that of the space between technical complexity and human understanding; how, in this age where gaps are closing much faster than they open, the only moat that seemingly exists is the ability to think through the lens of your own lived experience, and take action on those ideas which precede unoriginal influence. The best products don't just identify and build on patterns; they identify, understand, and navigate between problem, solution, and opportunity. I believe in building products that make the most of our own ingenuity, making the complex accessible, and improving the lives of those who use them.

Right now, I'm having fun teaching myself quantitative finance, building distributed systems orchestration, working on consumer apps, and hiking a lot. 

I strongly believe that in this era, where so much can be automated with one-shot success, creativity remains uniquely human, and failure remains the greatest precursor to success. And with that, I highly recommend reading [*Range*](https://www.google.com/search?q=Range%3A+Why+Generalists+Triumph+in+a+Specialized+World%0D%0A&sca_esv=e9969d286c4c39d7&ei=ELAdaaaqGtX40PEP4p7PyQg&ved=0ahUKEwim8pr-k_6QAxVVPDQIHWLPM4kQ4dUDCBE&uact=5&oq=Range%3A+Why+Generalists+Triumph+in+a+Specialized+World%0D%0A&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiNlJhbmdlOiBXaHkgR2VuZXJhbGlzdHMgVHJpdW1waCBpbiBhIFNwZWNpYWxpemVkIFdvcmxkCjIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzIKEAAYsAMY1gQYRzINEAAYgAQYsAMYQxiKBTINEAAYgAQYsAMYQxiKBTINEAAYgAQYsAMYQxiKBTINEAAYgAQYsAMYQxiKBTIOEAAYsAMY5AIY1gTYAQEyDhAAGLADGOQCGNYE2AEBMg4QABiwAxjkAhjWBNgBATITEC4YgAQYsAMYQxjIAxiKBdgBATITEC4YgAQYsAMYQxjIAxiKBdgBATITEC4YgAQYsAMYQxjIAxiKBdgBATITEC4YgAQYsAMYQxjIAxiKBdgBAUi_CFDMBVjMBXADeAGQAQCYAQCgAQCqAQC4AQPIAQD4AQL4AQGYAgOgAgeYAwCIBgGQBhO6BgYIARABGAmSBwEzoAcAsgcAuAcAwgcDMC4zyAcG&sclient=gws-wiz-serp) by David Epstein.
